If the calculation came to light, the Clearing of Wu ultimatum,
According to the measurement of the situation,
Managers and central government should vote the可愛 posed for
If the number of votes increases every day and the number of votes for the Ryodai Seito decreases,
it will become a problem and the Ryodai Seito will gradually change its policy.
Today's Zouzeito will eventually become a cash-out,
and the cause of the recession will be revealed here,
and the situation of the recovery of the recession will be seen.
There are some people who think that it is impossible to vote for a minority,
but the fact that it is not the case has recently appeared.
The issue of the military-media restriction,
which was initially a matter of the minority,
and the Ryodai Seito was absolutely the opposite,
has finally been realized and today more than 4 billion yen a year,
the entire nation is saved for this.
Also, the general election was initially a matter of the minority,
and the Ryodai Seito was absolutely the opposite.
At the time of the voice-over meeting,
even though it was finally disbanded to the parliament,
today the Ryodai Seito is subverted to this and is now in the world of corruption.
The voters who saw this experiment will definitely stop the
rational thinking that they will surrender to the right people and vote for the right people.
If you have the policy of voting for the minority or anyone who is in favor of the current tax policy,
you will definitely be able to change the current tax policy by the Ryodai Seito.
This is the benefit of the entire nation and is also the source of income for the nation.
If this happens, the death of the current tax policy will come,
and if the tax is reduced, the corruption will gradually cease.
The law of the system of corruption and recovery may appear here and the world may live,
but if the system of corruption remains the same, there will be no hope for the future.
Therefore, if the entire nation's voters try to fix this corruption,
they will try to avoid voting for the Ryodai Seito.
I have a deep relationship with the Ryodai Seito,
and I don't like to say bad things about them, but I will not give up for the sake of the nation.
The two great powers have been trying to fix the current corruption,
and the evidence has been that the tax has increased very much and that the annual budget has increased,
and the tax has been proven to be more powerful than anything else.
I can't oppose this fact.